Added docs related to Redis version 5.2.0 (#894)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: redis/5.2/modules/ROOT/pages/redis-connector-examples.adoc

= Redis Connector 5.2 Examples - Mule 4
:page-aliases: connectors::redis/redis-connector-examples.adoc
:page-aliases: connectors::redis/redis-connector-config-topics.adoc

The following examples show how to use Redis Connector to set a key value on the Redis server and how to use Redis Connector as a custom object store in a Mule app.

== Set a Key Value on the Redis Server

The following screenshot shows the flow for this example:

image::redis-set-raw-flow.png[]

> To use Anypoint Studio to configure Redis Connector so that it sets a key value on the Redis server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Anypoint Studio to configure Redis Connector to set a key value on the Redis server:
```

. Create a new Mule project by clicking *File* > *New* > *Mule Project*.
. Enter a name for the new project and click *Finish*.
. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *HTTP* > *Listener* and drag it to the Studio canvas.
+
HTTP Listener is the entry point for the flow and provides the key and its value.
+
. Click the plus sign (+) next to the *Connector Configuration* field.
. Leave the default configuration and click *OK*.
. Set the *Path* field to `/`.
+
. In the *Mule Palette* view, search for `redis` and drag the *Set* operation to the right of *Listener*.
+
The *Set* operation sends data to the Redis server.
+
. Set the properties for the *Set* operation as follows:
* Set the *Display Name* field to `Set value for key into Redis`.
* Set the *Key* field to `#[payload.key]`.

> * Set the *Value* field to `#[payload.value]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the *Value* field to `#[payload.value]`:
```

+
image::redis-set-config.png[]
+

> . In the *Mule Palette* view, search for *payload* and drag the *Set Payload* component to the right of *Set value for key into Redis* on the Studio canvas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Mule Palette* view, search for `payload` and drag the *Set Payload* component to the right of *Set value for key into Redis* on the Studio canvas.
```

+
The *Set Payload* component creates the response for the incoming HTTP request.
+
. Set the *Set Payload* properties as follows:
* Set the *Display Name* field to `Set value response`.

> * Set the *Value* field to `Successfully set value: #[payload.value] to key: #[payload.key]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the *Value* field to `Successfully set value: #[payload.value] to key: #[payload.key]`:
```

+
image::redis-set-response-config.png[]
+

> . Deploy the app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Save your changes and deploy the app by pressing the deploy icon in Studio, or do right-click in your flow canvas and select *Run project*. 
```

> . Save your changes and deploy the app by right-clicking on the Studio canvas and selecting *Run project <project name>*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Save your changes and deploy the app by right-clicking the Studio canvas and selecting *Run project <project name>*.
```

> . Once the app is running, use an HTTP client app to send a POST request to `+localhost:8081/+` with content-type `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` and a body in `url-encoded` format.

Reviewer: translation
```suggestion
. When the app is running, use an HTTP client app to send a POST request to `+localhost:8081/+` with content-type `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` and a body in `url-encoded` format.
```

+

> The request body should contain a key and value. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The request body should contain a key and value:
```

        http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/redis/current/mule-redis.xsd">
    <redis:config
            name="Redis__Configuration"
            host="${config.host}"
            connectionTimeout="${config.connectionTimeout}"
            port="${config.port}"
            doc:name="Redis: Configuration"/>
​
    <http:listener-config name="HTTP_Listener_config" doc:name="HTTP Listener config" basePath="/">
		<http:listener-connection host="0.0.0.0" port="8081" />
	</http:listener-config>
	<flow name="set-flow">
        <http:listener
                config-ref="HTTP_Listener_config"
                path="/"
                doc:name="Set value HTTP endpoint"/>
        <redis:set
                config-ref="Redis__Configuration"
                key="#[payload.key]"
                value="#[payload.value]"
        doc:name="Set value for key into Redis">
			<redis:value ><![CDATA[payload.key]]></redis:value>
		</redis:set>
        <set-payload
         value="Successfully set value: #[payload.value] to key: #[payload.key]"
         doc:name="Set value response"/>
    </flow>
</mule>
----

[[xmlobjectstore]]

== Use Redis Connector as a Custom Object Store

> To use XML to configure Redis Connector as a custom object store in a Mule app:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the Studio XML editor configure Redis Connector as a custom object store in a Mule app:
```

. Add the Redis namespace to the `<mule>` element:
+
[source]
----
xmlns:redis="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/redis"
----
+
. Add the location of the Redis schema referred to by the Redis namespace:
+
[source,text,linenums]
----
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/redis
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/redis/current/mule-redis.xs
----
+
. Add the HTTP namespace to the `<mule>` element:
+
[source]
----
xmlns:http="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/http"
----
+
. Add the location of the HTTP schema referred to by the HTTP namespace:
+
[source,text,linenums]
----
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/http
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/http/current/mule-http.xsd
----
+
. Add the object store namespace to the `<mule>` element:
+
[source]
----
xmlns:os="http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/os"
----
+
. Add the location of the object store schema referred to by the object store's namespace:
+
[source,text,linenums]
----
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/os
http://www.mulesoft.org/schema/mule/os/current/mule-os.xsd
----
+

> . Add an `<os:config>` element to your project and configure it to contain a Redis connection type (`clustered-connection` or `nonclustered-connection`). You must use the Studio XML editor to do this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Add an `<os:config>` element to your project and configure it to contain a Redis connection type (`clustered-connection` or `nonclustered-connection`).
```

Reviewer 2: I would remove that phrase and add it at the beginning of the topic since you are configuring all the connector in the Studio XML editor.

Reviewer 3: A user who reads this could be using another XML editor and could be looking at this section to learn. I think it's important to leave this in.

> . Add an `<os:config>` element to your project and configure it to contain a Redis connection type (`clustered-connection` or `nonclustered-connection`). You must use the Studio XML editor to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Using the Studio XML editor, add an `<os:config>` element to your project and configure it to contain a Redis connection type (`clustered-connection` or `nonclustered-connection`):
```

+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<os:config name="ObjectStore_Config">
     <redis:nonclustered-connection host="${redis.host}"/>
</os:config>
----
+

> . Add an `<os:object-store>` element to your project and configure it to reference the config created previously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add an `<os:object-store>` element to your project and configure it to reference the configuration created previously:
```

+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<os:object-store
	name="Object_store"
	config-ref="ObjectStore_Config"
	maxEntries="1"
	entryTtl="60"
	expirationInterval="10"
	expirationIntervalUnit="SECONDS"/>
----
+
. Add an `<http:listener-config>` element to your project and configure its attributes:
+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<http:listener-config
	name="HTTP_Listener_Configuration"
	host="0.0.0.0"
 	port="8081" doc:name="Listener"/>
----
+
. Add an empty `<flow>` element to your project:
+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<<flow> name="set-flow">
</flow>
----
+
. Within the `<flow>` element, add an `<http:listener>` element:
+
[source,xml]
----
<http:listener config-ref="HTTP_Listener_Configuration" path="/" />
----
+
. Within the `<flow>` element, add an `<os:store>` element after the `<http:listener>` element and configure `<os:store>` to use the object store created previously:
+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<os:store
	key="#[attributes.queryParams.key]"
	objectStore="Object_store"
	failIfPresent="true"
	failOnNullValue="false">
	<os:value ><![CDATA[#[attributes.queryParams.value]]]></os:value>
</os:store>
----
+

> . When you're done, the XML file should look like this:

Reviewer: Not a step: no user action.
```suggestion
When you're done, the XML file should look like this:
```
